README.md, before:


# USE AI AGENTs, like AUTO-GPT or BABYAGI, without paids API😤  **TOTALLY FOR FREE🤑**

Tired of paying for OPENAI, PINECONE, GOOGLESEARCH APIs to try out the latest developments in the AI field?
Perfect, **this is the repository for you! 🎁**

For any problem open an ISSUE 🚬, the project is very simple so any help is welcome💸.

**Are you bored reading😴? Do you want to try our project now⏳? Open the notebook on Colab everything is ready!** 

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

![intro](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236516034-737e0ca0-7ccb-4629-affb-aff0fb2b6579.png)


By the way, thank you so much for [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API?style=social)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API/stargazers) and all the support!!

## WHY THIS REPOSITORY ? 🤔

Hello everyone :smiling_face_with_three_hearts: ,

I wanted to start by **talking about how important it is to democratize AI**. Unfortunately, most new applications or discoveries in this field end up enriching some big companies, leaving behind small businesses or simple projects. One striking example of this is Autogpt, an autonomous AI agent capable of performing tasks.

Autogpt and similar projects like BabyAGI **only work with paid APIs, which is not fair**. That's why I tried to recreate a simpler but very interesting and, above all, open-source version of Autogpt that **does not require any API and does not need any particular hardware.**

I believe that by providing free and open-source AI tools, we can give small businesses and individuals the opportunity to create new and innovative projects without the need for significant financial investment. **This will allow for more equitable and diverse access to AI technology, which is essential for advancing society as a whole.**



-----



## HOW TO GET CHATGPT & HUGGINGFACE TOKEN FREE 🔑🔐

--

- **HUGGINGFACE🤗** : Visit this simple [official guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens)

- **Now Running also with HuggingCHAT**

- **(OPTIONAL BUT BETTER RESULT) CHATGPT🖥** : 
    1. Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat and open the developer tools by `F12`.
    2. Find the `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` cookie in `Application` > `Storage` > `Cookies` > `https://chat.openai.com`.
    3. Copy the value in the `Cookie Value` field.


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19218518/206170122-61fbe94f-4b0c-4782-a344-e26ac0d4e2a7.png)

- **(OPTIONAL) Google Bard🖥** : 
    1. Go toGo to https://bard.google.com/ and open the developer tools by `F12`.
    2. Find the `__Secure-1PSID` cookie in `Application` > `Storage` > `Cookies` 
    3. Copy the value in the `Cookie Value` field.

![Cattura](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236518416-ba0fb89c-080d-4e5e-8514-4ed7ac897b55.PNG)



- **(OPTIONAL) Bing CHAT** :
    1. Check if you have access to [Bing Chat](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bing-chat-for-all-browser/jofbglonpbndadajbafmmaklbfbkggpo)
    2. Install the cookie editor extension for [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cookie-editor/hlkenndednhfkekhgcdicdfddnkalmdm) or [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/cookie-editor/)
    3. Go to `bing.com` 
    4. Open the extension for cookie
    5. Click "Export" on the bottom right, then "Export as JSON" (This saves your cookies to clipboard)
    6. Paste your cookies into a file `cookiesBing.json`


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236259872-faf7946c-5648-4733-8d66-978040eacd85.png)



-----

## SETUP the .env FILE

Open the file called `.env` . 
If you dont see the file, open your file manger and check for **`Show hidden file`** .

Now add you Cookie and Token in `.env` file .



----


## HOW TO FAST INSTALL local using Dev Container in VSCode by [@FlamingFury00](https://github.com/FlamingFury00)🚀

🚀Added the possibility to use Docker image using Dev Container in VSCode. How to run it :
- Install [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)
- Install Visual Studio Code
- Open Visual Studio and go to **Extensions -> search for Dev Container -> install it**
- Restart Visual Studio
- Go to the project folder, **right click** and **"Open in Visual Studio Code"**
- It will ask you to reopen in a Docker Container
- Click **"Reopen"** and wait for it to be complete **(you need to have Docker Desktop opened)**


-----


## HOW TO RUN BABY AGI 👶

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk


**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- insert the **.env file** yours Token
- if you dont see the **.env file** check "Show hidden file" in your file manger
- Usage: **python BABYAGI.py**



https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/234963635-004adace-36ab-46de-9022-61858cd3dca4.mp4






-----

## HOW TO RUN AUTOGPT 🤖

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- insert the **.env file** yours Token
- if you dont see the **.env file** check "Show hidden file" in your file manger
- Usage: **python AUTOGPT.py**


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/234947600-1df35b1f-6505-40f9-be1d-3257a46eacf3.mp4




-----


## HOW TO RUN Your CUSTOM AGENT 🤖
**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- cd OtherAgent/
- Choose or develop your agent [ csvAgent.py  ;  pythonAgent.py  ; customAgent.py ]
- Usage: **python YourAgent.py**




https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235354639-998f0a40-3d2d-4f33-b187-17a3be8d7899.mp4



-----

## HOW TO RUN CAMEL 🐫

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- pip3 install -r requirements.txt
- streamlit run Camel.py


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235199747-c2dbdd27-80d6-4950-9cc6-7f140890f386.mp4




-----

## HOW IT WORK ? 🔨🔩

To create an open-source version of Autogpt that does not require paid APIs or specific hardware, **we performed a reverse engineering process on ChatGPT**, a language model developed by OpenAI. By doing so, we were able to use the agents and new technologies of langchain for free.

We then created a custom LLM wrapper with langchain, **which can be used as a plug-and-play solution with any langchain function or tool 💡**.

```python
from FreeLLM import ChatGPTAPI 

# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT((token="YOURTOKEN")  #for start new chat

# or if if u would to start from an existing chat 
# llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT(token = "YOUR-TOKEN", conversation = "Add-XXXX-XXXX-Convesation-ID")


# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```
![exixstingchat](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235359284-c908afe6-1f18-41ff-aa30-8216a1b9f19a.png)


The code snippet provided above shows how to use our custom ChatGPT LLM class to interact with the language model. It requires a token from the ChatGPT API, which can be obtained from [https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session](https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session). 

Please note that there is a limit of 50 requests per hour for each account on the ChatGPT API 💣. Therefore, we implemented a call counter in our ChatGPT class to prevent exceeding this limit.


### Now support HuggingCHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import HuggingChatAPI 

# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = HuggingChatAPI.HuggingChat()  #for start new chat

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

### Now support Bing CHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import BingChatAPI 

# Instantiate a Bing CHAT object with your cookie path
llm=BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath="cookie_path")  #for start new chat

llm=BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath=cookie_path, conversation_style="creative") #conversation_style must be precise, creative or balanced

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

### Now support Google BARD CHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import BardChatAPI 

# Instantiate a Bard CHAT object with your cookie path
llm=BardChatAPI.BardChat(cookie="cookie") #for start new chat

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

We believe that our open-source version of Autogpt will promote equitable and diverse access to AI technology and empower individuals and small businesses to create innovative AI projects without significant financial investment.

**This is an example of CUSTOM agent, in less of 60 line of code and totally for free, with:**
- **Internet** access
- Python **code execution**
- **Wikipedia** knowledge

```python
from langchain.agents import initialize_agent #use for create new agent
from langchain.agents import Tool
from langchain.tools import BaseTool, DuckDuckGoSearchRun
from langchain.utilities import PythonREPL #tool for execute python script
from langchain.utilities import WikipediaAPIWrapper #tool get wiki info
from langchain.tools import DuckDuckGoSearchTool #tool get interet live info (langchain==0.0.150)

from FreeLLM import ChatGPTAPI # FREE CHATGPT API
#or
from FreeLLM import HuggingChatAPI 
from FreeLLM import BingChatAPI 
from FreeLLM import BardChatAPI 


# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT((token="YOURTOKEN")

# or use Bing CHAT
# llm = BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath="cookie_path")

# or use Google BArd CHAT
# llm=BardChatAPI.BardChat(cookie="cookie") 

# or use HuggingChatAPI if u dont have CHATGPT, BING or Google account
# llm = HuggingChatAPI.HuggingChat() 


# Define the tools
wikipedia = WikipediaAPIWrapper()
python_repl = PythonREPL()
search = DuckDuckGoSearchTool()

tools = [
    Tool(
        name = "python repl",
        func=python_repl.run,
        description="useful for when you need to use python to answer a question. You should input python code"
    )
]

wikipedia_tool = Tool(
    name='wikipedia',
    func= wikipedia.run,
    description="Useful for when you need to look up a topic, country or person on wikipedia"
)

duckduckgo_tool = Tool(
    name='DuckDuckGo Search',
    func= search.run,
    description="Useful for when you need to do a search on the internet to find information that another tool can't find. be specific with your input."
)

tools.append(duckduckgo_tool)
tools.append(wikipedia_tool)


#Create the Agent
iteration = (int(input("Enter the number of iterations: ")) if input("Do you want to set the number of iterations? (y/n): ") == "y" else 3)

zero_shot_agent = initialize_agent(
    agent="zero-shot-react-description", 
    tools=tools, 
    llm=llm,
    verbose=True,
    max_iterations=iteration,
)

# Start your Custom Agent in loop
print(">> STRAT CUSTOM AGENT")
print("> Digit 'exit' for exit or 'your task or question' for start\n\n")
prompt = input("(Enter your task or question) >> ")
while prompt.toLowerCase() != "exit":
    zero_shot_agent.run(prompt)
    prompt = input("(Enter your task or question) >> ")
    
# SO ESASY :)

```

![Schermata del 2023-04-30 16-25-11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235358379-dfd7dbba-74ff-48a1-b23c-c51b63d4c181.png)


### With this "CUSTOM LLM WRAPPER" now u can build or test your LLM APP's WITHOUT PAYing

-----

# **🤗 Democratize AI 🤗**

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)

[![Stargazers repo roster for @IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API](https://reporoster.com/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API/stargazers)

[![Forkers repo roster for @IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API](https://reporoster.com/forks/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API/network/members)

By the way, thank you so much for [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API?style=social)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API/stargazers) and all the support!!

-----

#### LINK : 
- [VIDEO DEMO](https://watch.screencastify.com/v/vSDUBdhfvh9yEwclHUyw)
- [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- [Camel project](https://www.camel-ai.org/)
- [BABY AGI](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/use_cases/agents/baby_agi_with_agent.html)
- [AutoGPT](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/use_cases/autonomous_agents/autogpt.html?highlight=autogpt#setup-model-and-autogpt)
- [langchain for custom llm wrapper](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/modules/models/llms/examples/custom_llm.html)



-----


## TODO , I NEED YOUR HELP 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered ChatGPT API by OpenAI](https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered HUGGING CHAT API by HuggingFace](https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered Bing CHAT API by Microsoft](https://github.com/acheong08/EdgeGPT) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered Bard CHAT API by Google](https://github.com/acheong08/Bard) 
- [x] Find a way to replace OpenAIEmbeddings() using HuggingFace Embeddings infeence API 

- [x] Create a simple versione of CAMEL based on [Camel theory](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.17760.pdf)
- [x] Create a simple version of BABYAGI based on [Baby AGI](https://alumni.media.mit.edu/~kris/ftp/SafeBabyAGI-J.BiegerEtAl2015.pdf)
- [x] Add web search Tool
- [x] Add file writer Tool
- [x] Add Wikipedia Tool
- [x] Add QA web page Tool
- [x] Finally AUTOGPT without paids API

- [x] Make a Colab Notebook for make this repository accessible to anyone
- [x] Local using with Dev Container in VSCode by [@FlamingFury00](https://github.com/FlamingFury00)


- [ ] Add other free Custom LLM wrapper [Add this](https://github.com/xtekky/gpt4free)
- [ ] Add long term memory
- [ ] Find a way to replace PINECONE api
- [ ] Find a way to replace official Google API


-----

### Inspiration and Credits 🤗
- [https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain)
- [https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT](https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT)
- [https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api](https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api)
- [https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT](https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT)


## We are hungry for PULL REQUEST 😋

Commit message:

Add possibility to use GPT4 for CHATGPT PLUS member

README.md, after:


# USE AI AGENTs, like AUTO-GPT or BABYAGI, without paids API😤  **TOTALLY FOR FREE🤑**

Tired of paying for OPENAI, PINECONE, GOOGLESEARCH APIs to try out the latest developments in the AI field?
Perfect, **this is the repository for you! 🎁**

For any problem open an ISSUE 🚬, the project is very simple so any help is welcome💸.

**Are you bored reading😴? Do you want to try our project now⏳? Open the notebook on Colab everything is ready!** 

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

![intro](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236516034-737e0ca0-7ccb-4629-affb-aff0fb2b6579.png)


By the way, thank you so much for [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API?style=social)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API/stargazers) and all the support!!

## WHY THIS REPOSITORY ? 🤔

Hello everyone :smiling_face_with_three_hearts: ,

I wanted to start by **talking about how important it is to democratize AI**. Unfortunately, most new applications or discoveries in this field end up enriching some big companies, leaving behind small businesses or simple projects. One striking example of this is Autogpt, an autonomous AI agent capable of performing tasks.

Autogpt and similar projects like BabyAGI **only work with paid APIs, which is not fair**. That's why I tried to recreate a simpler but very interesting and, above all, open-source version of Autogpt that **does not require any API and does not need any particular hardware.**

I believe that by providing free and open-source AI tools, we can give small businesses and individuals the opportunity to create new and innovative projects without the need for significant financial investment. **This will allow for more equitable and diverse access to AI technology, which is essential for advancing society as a whole.**



-----



## HOW TO GET CHATGPT & HUGGINGFACE TOKEN FREE 🔑🔐


- **HUGGINGFACE🤗** : Visit this simple [official guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens)

- **Now Running also with HuggingCHAT**

- **(OPTIONAL BUT BETTER RESULT) CHATGPT🖥** : 
    1. Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat and open the developer tools by `F12`.
    2. Find the `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` cookie in `Application` > `Storage` > `Cookies` > `https://chat.openai.com`.
    3. Copy the value in the `Cookie Value` field in `.env` file.
    4. If you have Plus subscription you can use GPT4. Edit in `.env` file this line : `USE_GPT4 = True`


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19218518/206170122-61fbe94f-4b0c-4782-a344-e26ac0d4e2a7.png)

- **(OPTIONAL) Google Bard🖥** : 
    1. Go toGo to https://bard.google.com/ and open the developer tools by `F12`.
    2. Find the `__Secure-1PSID` cookie in `Application` > `Storage` > `Cookies` 
    3. Copy the value in the `Cookie Value` field in `.env` file.

![Cattura](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236518416-ba0fb89c-080d-4e5e-8514-4ed7ac897b55.PNG)



- **(OPTIONAL) Bing CHAT** :
    1. Check if you have access to [Bing Chat](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bing-chat-for-all-browser/jofbglonpbndadajbafmmaklbfbkggpo)
    2. Install the cookie editor extension for [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cookie-editor/hlkenndednhfkekhgcdicdfddnkalmdm) or [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/cookie-editor/)
    3. Go to `bing.com` 
    4. Open the extension for cookie
    5. Click "Export" on the bottom right, then "Export as JSON" (This saves your cookies to clipboard)
    6. Paste your cookies into a file `cookiesBing.json`


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/236259872-faf7946c-5648-4733-8d66-978040eacd85.png)



-----

## SETUP the .env FILE

Open the file called `.env` . 
If you dont see the file, open your file manger and check for **`Show hidden file`** .

Now add you Cookie and Token in `.env` file .



----


## HOW TO FAST INSTALL local using Dev Container in VSCode by [@FlamingFury00](https://github.com/FlamingFury00)🚀

🚀Added the possibility to use Docker image using Dev Container in VSCode. How to run it :
- Install [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)
- Install Visual Studio Code
- Open Visual Studio and go to **Extensions -> search for Dev Container -> install it**
- Restart Visual Studio
- Go to the project folder, **right click** and **"Open in Visual Studio Code"**
- It will ask you to reopen in a Docker Container
- Click **"Reopen"** and wait for it to be complete **(you need to have Docker Desktop opened)**


-----


## HOW TO RUN BABY AGI 👶

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk


**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- insert the **.env file** yours Token
- if you dont see the **.env file** check "Show hidden file" in your file manger
- Usage: **python BABYAGI.py**



https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/234963635-004adace-36ab-46de-9022-61858cd3dca4.mp4






-----

## HOW TO RUN AUTOGPT 🤖

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- insert the **.env file** yours Token
- if you dont see the **.env file** check "Show hidden file" in your file manger
- Usage: **python AUTOGPT.py**


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/234947600-1df35b1f-6505-40f9-be1d-3257a46eacf3.mp4




-----


## HOW TO RUN Your CUSTOM AGENT 🤖
**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- install using **Dev Container in VSCode** or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
- cd OtherAgent/
- Choose or develop your agent [ csvAgent.py  ;  pythonAgent.py  ; customAgent.py ]
- Usage: **python YourAgent.py**




https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235354639-998f0a40-3d2d-4f33-b187-17a3be8d7899.mp4



-----

## HOW TO RUN CAMEL 🐫

**RUN NOW ON COLAB😮** [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14854fi6oO4lXqR3_mt6tc2Lr2IsA12oq?usp=sharing)
⚠️ Abusing this tool is at your own risk

**Or use Locally :**
- Dowload the repository [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- pip3 install -r requirements.txt
- streamlit run Camel.py


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235199747-c2dbdd27-80d6-4950-9cc6-7f140890f386.mp4




-----

## HOW IT WORK ? 🔨🔩

To create an open-source version of Autogpt that does not require paid APIs or specific hardware, **we performed a reverse engineering process on ChatGPT**, a language model developed by OpenAI. By doing so, we were able to use the agents and new technologies of langchain for free.

We then created a custom LLM wrapper with langchain, **which can be used as a plug-and-play solution with any langchain function or tool 💡**.

```python
from FreeLLM import ChatGPTAPI 

# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT((token="YOURTOKEN")  #for start new chat

# If you have a Plus subscription , you can use GPT4 model
 llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT((token="YOURTOKEN", model="gpt4") # REQUIRED CHATGPT PLUS subscription

# or if if u would to start from an existing chat 
# llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT(token = "YOUR-TOKEN", conversation = "Add-XXXX-XXXX-Convesation-ID")


# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```
![exixstingchat](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235359284-c908afe6-1f18-41ff-aa30-8216a1b9f19a.png)


The code snippet provided above shows how to use our custom ChatGPT LLM class to interact with the language model. It requires a token from the ChatGPT API, which can be obtained from [https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session](https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session). 

Please note that there is a limit of 50 requests per hour for each account on the ChatGPT API 💣. Therefore, we implemented a call counter in our ChatGPT class to prevent exceeding this limit.


### Now support HuggingCHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import HuggingChatAPI 

# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = HuggingChatAPI.HuggingChat()  #for start new chat

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

### Now support Bing CHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import BingChatAPI 

# Instantiate a Bing CHAT object with your cookie path
llm=BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath="cookie_path")  #for start new chat

llm=BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath=cookie_path, conversation_style="creative") #conversation_style must be precise, creative or balanced

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

### Now support Google BARD CHAT LLM 

```python
from FreeLLM import BardChatAPI 

# Instantiate a Bard CHAT object with your cookie path
llm=BardChatAPI.BardChat(cookie="cookie") #for start new chat

# Generate a response based on the given prompt
response = llm("Hello, how are you?")

# Print the response
print(response)

```

We believe that our open-source version of Autogpt will promote equitable and diverse access to AI technology and empower individuals and small businesses to create innovative AI projects without significant financial investment.

**This is an example of CUSTOM agent, in less of 60 line of code and totally for free, with:**
- **Internet** access
- Python **code execution**
- **Wikipedia** knowledge

```python
from langchain.agents import initialize_agent #use for create new agent
from langchain.agents import Tool
from langchain.tools import BaseTool, DuckDuckGoSearchRun
from langchain.utilities import PythonREPL #tool for execute python script
from langchain.utilities import WikipediaAPIWrapper #tool get wiki info
from langchain.tools import DuckDuckGoSearchTool #tool get interet live info (langchain==0.0.150)

from FreeLLM import ChatGPTAPI # FREE CHATGPT API
#or
from FreeLLM import HuggingChatAPI 
from FreeLLM import BingChatAPI 
from FreeLLM import BardChatAPI 


# Instantiate a ChatGPT object with your token
llm = ChatGPTAPI.ChatGPT((token="YOURTOKEN")

# or use Bing CHAT
# llm = BingChatAPI.BingChat(cookiepath="cookie_path")

# or use Google BArd CHAT
# llm=BardChatAPI.BardChat(cookie="cookie") 

# or use HuggingChatAPI if u dont have CHATGPT, BING or Google account
# llm = HuggingChatAPI.HuggingChat() 


# Define the tools
wikipedia = WikipediaAPIWrapper()
python_repl = PythonREPL()
search = DuckDuckGoSearchTool()

tools = [
    Tool(
        name = "python repl",
        func=python_repl.run,
        description="useful for when you need to use python to answer a question. You should input python code"
    )
]

wikipedia_tool = Tool(
    name='wikipedia',
    func= wikipedia.run,
    description="Useful for when you need to look up a topic, country or person on wikipedia"
)

duckduckgo_tool = Tool(
    name='DuckDuckGo Search',
    func= search.run,
    description="Useful for when you need to do a search on the internet to find information that another tool can't find. be specific with your input."
)

tools.append(duckduckgo_tool)
tools.append(wikipedia_tool)


#Create the Agent
iteration = (int(input("Enter the number of iterations: ")) if input("Do you want to set the number of iterations? (y/n): ") == "y" else 3)

zero_shot_agent = initialize_agent(
    agent="zero-shot-react-description", 
    tools=tools, 
    llm=llm,
    verbose=True,
    max_iterations=iteration,
)

# Start your Custom Agent in loop
print(">> STRAT CUSTOM AGENT")
print("> Digit 'exit' for exit or 'your task or question' for start\n\n")
prompt = input("(Enter your task or question) >> ")
while prompt.toLowerCase() != "exit":
    zero_shot_agent.run(prompt)
    prompt = input("(Enter your task or question) >> ")
    
# SO ESASY :)

```

![Schermata del 2023-04-30 16-25-11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108482353/235358379-dfd7dbba-74ff-48a1-b23c-c51b63d4c181.png)


### With this "CUSTOM LLM WRAPPER" now u can build or test your LLM APP's WITHOUT PAYing

-----

# **🤗 Democratize AI 🤗**

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)

[![Stargazers repo roster for @IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API](https://reporoster.com/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API/stargazers)

[![Forkers repo roster for @IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API](https://reporoster.com/forks/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTO-GPT-with-NO-API/network/members)

By the way, thank you so much for [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API?style=social)](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API/stargazers) and all the support!!

-----

#### LINK : 
- [VIDEO DEMO](https://watch.screencastify.com/v/vSDUBdhfvh9yEwclHUyw)
- [FREE AUTOGPT REPOSITORY](https://github.com/IntelligenzaArtificiale/Free-AUTOGPT-with-NO-API)
- [Camel project](https://www.camel-ai.org/)
- [BABY AGI](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/use_cases/agents/baby_agi_with_agent.html)
- [AutoGPT](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/use_cases/autonomous_agents/autogpt.html?highlight=autogpt#setup-model-and-autogpt)
- [langchain for custom llm wrapper](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/modules/models/llms/examples/custom_llm.html)



-----


## TODO , I NEED YOUR HELP 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered ChatGPT API by OpenAI](https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered HUGGING CHAT API by HuggingFace](https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered Bing CHAT API by Microsoft](https://github.com/acheong08/EdgeGPT) 
- [x] Create free LLM langchain wrapper based on [Reverse Engineered Bard CHAT API by Google](https://github.com/acheong08/Bard) 
- [x] Find a way to replace OpenAIEmbeddings() using HuggingFace Embeddings infeence API 

- [x] Create a simple versione of CAMEL based on [Camel theory](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.17760.pdf)
- [x] Create a simple version of BABYAGI based on [Baby AGI](https://alumni.media.mit.edu/~kris/ftp/SafeBabyAGI-J.BiegerEtAl2015.pdf)
- [x] Add web search Tool
- [x] Add file writer Tool
- [x] Add Wikipedia Tool
- [x] Add QA web page Tool
- [x] Finally AUTOGPT without paids API

- [x] Make a Colab Notebook for make this repository accessible to anyone
- [x] Local using with Dev Container in VSCode by [@FlamingFury00](https://github.com/FlamingFury00)


- [ ] Add other free Custom LLM wrapper [Add this](https://github.com/xtekky/gpt4free)
- [ ] Add long term memory
- [ ] Find a way to replace PINECONE api
- [ ] Find a way to replace official Google API


-----

### Inspiration and Credits 🤗
- [https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain)
- [https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT](https://github.com/terry3041/pyChatGPT)
- [https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api](https://github.com/Soulter/hugging-chat-api)
- [https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT](https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT)


## We are hungry for PULL REQUEST 😋
